*** INSTALLING ***

Set BINDIR in the Makefile to where you keep your binaries and MANDIR
to where you keep your man pages (in their source form).  (If you're
using PolyglotMan with TkMan, BINDIR needs to be a component of your
bin PATH.)  After properly editing the Makefile, type `make install'.
Thereafter (perhaps after a `rehash') type `rman' to invoke PolyglotMan.
PolyglotMan requires an ANSI C compiler.  To compile on a Macintosh
under MPW, use Makefile.mac.

If you send me bug reports and/or suggestions for new features,
include the version of PolyglotMan (available by typing `rman -v').
PolyglotMan doesn't parse every aspect of every man page perfectly, but
if it blows up spectacularly where it doesn't seem like it should, you
can send me the man page (or a representative man page if it blows up
on a class of man pages) in BOTH: (1) [tn]roff source form, from
.../man/manX and (2) formatted form (as formatted by `nroff -man'),
uuencoded to preserve the control characters, from .../man/catX.

The home location for PolyglotMan is ftp.cs.berkeley.edu:
/ucb/people/phelps/tcltk/rman.tar.Z (this is a softlink to the latest,
numbered version).  If you discover a bug and you obtained PolyglotMan
at some other site, first grab it from this one to see if the problem
has been fixed.

Be sure to look in the contrib directory for WWW server interfaces,
a batch converter, and a wrapper for SCO.

--------------------------------------------------

*** NOTES ON CURRENT VERSION ***

Help!  I'm looking for people to help with the following projects.
(1) Better RTF output format.  The current one works, but could be
made better.  (2) Extending the macro sets for source recognition.  If
you write an output format or otherwise improve PolyglotMan, please
send in your code so that I may share the wealth in future releases.
(3) Fixing output for various (accented?) characters in the Latin1
character set.

--------------------------------------------------


Copyright (c) 1993-1997 Regents of the University of California

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for educational, research, internal corporate and
non-profit purposes, without fee, and without a written agreement is
hereby granted for all cases that do not conflict with the restriction
in the first sentence of this paragraph, provided that the above
copyright notice, this paragraph, and the following three paragraphs
appear in all copies.

Permission to incorporate this software into commercial products may 
be obtained from the Office of Technology Licensing, 2150 Shattuck 
Avenue, Suite 510, Berkeley, CA  94704. 

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY 
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF 
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGE.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE 
PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF 
CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, 
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
