
<!--
<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE glossary PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"customization/dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
<!ENTITY glossary-kdeprinting SYSTEM "kdeprintingglossary.docbook">

]>
<glossary id="glossary">
-->
        <glossdiv id="glossdiv-printing">
                <title>Printing</title>
 

                <glossentry id="gloss-acl">
                        <glossterm><acronym>ACLs</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>A</emphasis>ccess
			<emphasis>C</emphasis>ontrol <emphasis>L</emphasis>ists;
				ACLs are used to check for the access by a given
				(authenticated) user. A first rough support for ACLs
				for printing is available from &CUPS;; this will be refined
				in future versions. </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-authentication">Authentication</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-appsocketprotocol">
                        <glossterm>AppSocket Protocol</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>AppSocket is a protocol for the transfer of
				print data, also frequently called "Direct TCP/IP Printing".
				&Hewlett-Packard; have taken AppSocket, added a few minor
				extensions around it and been very successful in renaming
				and marketing it under the brand "&HP; JetDirect"...</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-hpjetdirectprotocol">&HP; JetDirect Protocol</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-directtcpipprinting">Direct TCP/IP Printing</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
 
                <glossentry id="gloss-apsfilter">
                        <glossterm>APSfilter</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>APSfilter is used mainly in the context of  "classical"
				&UNIX; printing (BSD-style LPD). It is a sophisticated shell script,
				disguised as an "all-in-one" filtering program. In reality,
				APSfilter calls "real filters" to do the jobs needed. It sends
				printjobs automatically through these other filters, based on an
				initial file-type analysis of the printfile.
				It is written and maintained by Andreas Klemm.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				It is
				similar to Magicfilter and mostly uses Ghostscript for file conversions. 
				Some Linux Distributions (like &SuSE;) use APSfilter, others
				Magicfilter (like &RedHat;), some have both for preference selection
				(like *BSD).
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				&CUPS; has <emphasis>no</emphasis> need for APSfilter,
				as it runs its own file type recognition (based on &MIME; types)
				and applies its own filtering logic.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ghostscript">Ghostscript</glossseealso>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-magicfilter">Magicfilter</glossseealso>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-mimetypes">&MIME;-Types</glossseealso>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-printcap">printcap</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-authentication">
                        <glossterm>Authentication</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Proving the identity of a certain person (maybe via username/password
				or by means of a certificate) is often called authentication. Once you are
				authenticated, you may or may not get access to a requested ressource,
				possibly based on ACLs.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-acl">ACLs</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
 
                <glossentry id="gloss-bidirectionalcommunication">
                        <glossterm>Bi-directional communication</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>In the context of printing, a server or a host may receive additional
				information sent back from the printer (status messages &etc;), either
				upon a query or unrequested. AppSocket ( = &HP; JetDirect), &CUPS; and IPP
				support bi-directional communication, LPR/LPD and BSD-style printing
				do not...</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-appsocketprotocol">AppSocket Protocol</glossseealso> 
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-directtcpipprinting">Direct TCP/IP Printing</glossseealso> 
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-hpjetdirectprotocol">&HP; JetDirect</glossseealso> 
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ipp">IPP</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-lprlpd">LPR/LPD</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-bsdstyleprinting">
                        <glossterm>BSD-style Printing</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Generic term for different variants of the traditional &UNIX;
				printing method. Its first version appeared in the early 70s on
				BSD &UNIX; and was formally described in <ulink url="http://www.rfc.net/rfc1179.html">RFC 1179</ulink> only as late
				as 1990.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				At the time when BSD "remote" printing was first designed, printers
				were serially or otherwise directly connected devices to a host
				(with the Internet hardly consisting of more than 100 nodes!); printers
				used hole-punched, continuous paper, fed through by a tractor
				mechanism, with simple rows of ASCII text mechanically hammered on to
				the medium, drawn from a cardboard box beneath the table. It came out
				like a zig-zag folded paper "snake". Remote printing consisted of a
				neighboring host in the next room sending a file
				asking for printout.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				How technology has changed! Printers generally use cut-sheet media, they have
				built-in intelligence to compute the raster images of pages after pages
				that are sent to them using one of the powerful page description
				languages (PDL). Many are network nodes in their own right,
				with CPU, RAM, a hard disk and their own Operation System, and
				are hooked to a net with potentially millions of users...
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
                                It is a vast proof of the flexible &UNIX; concept for doing things,
				that it made "Line Printing" reliably work even under these modern
				conditions. But time has finally come now to go for something new
				-- the IPP.
																
				It is strong proof of the flexibility of &UNIX;; that "Line Printing" works
				reliably, even under these modern conditions. But time has finally come now
				to go for something new -- the IPP.
				
				</para>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ipp">IPP</glossseealso>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-lprlpd">LPR/LPD printing</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
 
                <glossentry id="gloss-cups">
                        <glossterm>&CUPS;</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>C</emphasis>ommon
				<emphasis>U</emphasis>NIX <emphasis>P</emphasis>rinting
				<emphasis>S</emphasis>ystem; &CUPS; is the most modern &UNIX; and Linux
				printing system, also providing cross-platform print services
				to &Microsoft; &Windows; and Apple &MacOS; clients. Based on IPP, it does
				away with all the pitfalls of old-style BSD printing,
				providing authentication, encryption and ACLs, plus many more
				features. At the same time it is backward-compatible enough
				to serve all legacy clients that are not yet up to IPP, via
				LPR/LPD (BSD-style).
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				&CUPS; is able to control any &PostScript; printer by
				utilizing the vendor-supplied PPD (PostScript Printer
				Description file), targeted originally for &Microsoft; Windows NT
				printing only. &kde; Printing is most powerful if based on
				&CUPS;.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-acl">ACLs</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-authentication">Authentication</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-bsdstyleprinting">BSD-style printing</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ipp">IPP</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kdeprint">KDEPrint</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-lprlpd">LPR/LPD</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ppd">PPD</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

 
                <glossentry id="gloss-cupsfaq">
                        <glossterm><acronym>&CUPS;-FAQ</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Currently only available in German (translation is on the way),
				the <ulink url="http://www.danka.de/printpro/faq.html">&CUPS;-FAQ</ulink> 
				is a valuable resource to answer many questions that anyone new to 
				&CUPS; printing might have at first.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kdeprinthandbook">KDEPrint Handbook</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-cups-o-matic">
                        <glossterm>&CUPS;-O-Matic</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>&CUPS;-O-Matic was the first "Third Party" plugin for
				the &CUPS; printing software. It is available on the  <ulink 
				url="http://www.linuxprinting.org/cups-doc.html">Linuxprinting.org
				website</ulink> to provide an online PPD-generating service.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				Together with the companion <application>cupsomatic</application> Perl-Script,
				that needs to be installed as an additional &CUPS; backend,
				it redirects output from the native <application>pstops</application> filter into
				a chain of suitable Ghostscript filters. Upon completion, it
				passes the resulting data back to a &CUPS; "backend" for sending
				to the printer.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				In this way, &CUPS;-O-Matic enables support for any printer known to
				have worked previously in a "classical" Ghostscript environment.
				If no native &CUPS; support for that printer is in sight... &CUPS;-O-Matic 
				is now replaced by the more capable PPD-O-Matic.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cupsomatic">cupsomatic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-PPD-O-Matic">PPD-O-Matic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-foomatic">Foomatic</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-cupsomatic">
                        <glossterm>cupsomatic</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>The Perl script <application>cupsomatic</application> (plus a working Perl installation
				on your system) is needed to make any &CUPS;-O-Matic (or PPD-O-Matic) 
				generated PPD work with &CUPS;. It was written by Grant Taylor, author of
				the Linux Printing HOWTO and Maintainer of the <ulink 
				url="http://www.linuxprinting.org/printer_list.cgi">printer 
				database</ulink> at the Linuxprinting.org website.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups-o-matic">&CUPS;-O-Matic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-foomatic">Foomatic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cupsomatic">cupsomatic</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-daemon">
                        <glossterm><acronym>Daemon</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>D</emphasis>isk
				<emphasis>a</emphasis>nd <emphasis>e</emphasis>xecution
				<emphasis>mon</emphasis>itor; <acronym>Daemons</acronym> are present
				on all &UNIX; systems to perform tasks independent of user
				intervention. Readers more familiar with &Microsoft; &Windows; might
				want to compare daemons and the tasks they are responsible
				with "services".
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				One example of a daemon present on most
				legacy &UNIX; systems is the LPD (Line Printer Daemon); &CUPS; is
				widely seen as the successor to LPD in the &UNIX; world and
				it also operates through a daemon. </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-spooling">SPOOLing</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
 
                <glossentry id="gloss-databaselinuxprinting">
                        <glossterm>Database, Linuxprinting.org</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Already years ago, when Linux printing was still really difficult
				(only command line printing was known to most Linux users, no device
				specific print options were available for doing the jobs), Grant Taylor, 
				author of the "Linux Printing HOWTO", collected most of the available
				information about printers, drivers and filters in his database.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				With the emerging
				&CUPS; concept, extending the use of PPDs even to non-PostScript printers,
				he realized the potential of this database: if one puts the different
				datablobs (with content that could be described along the lines
				"Which device prints with which Ghostscript or other
				filter?", "How well?", and "What command line switches are available?") into
				PPD-compatible files, he could have all the power of &CUPS; on top of
				the traditional printer "drivers".
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				This has now developed into a broader
				concept, known as "Foomatic". Foomatic extends the capabilities
				of spoolers other than &CUPS; (LPR/LPD, LPRng, PDQ, PPR) to a certain
				degree ("stealing" some concepts from &CUPS;). The Linuxprinting
				Database is not a Linux-only stop -- people running other &UNIX;
 				based OSes (like *BSD or &MacOS; X) will also find valuable information
				and software there.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-foomatic">Foomatic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-linuxprintingdatabase">Linuxprinting database</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-directtcpipprinting">
                        <glossterm>Direct TCP/IP Printing</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>This is a method that often uses TCP/IP port 9100 to connect
				to the printer. It works with many modern network printers and has
				a few advantages over LPR/LPD, as it is faster and provides some 
				"backchannel feedback data" from the printer to the host sending
				the job.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-appsocketprotocol">AppSocket Protocol</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-hpjetdirectprotocol">&HP; JetDirect Protocol</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-drivers">
                        <glossterm>Drivers, Printer Drivers</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>The term "printer drivers", used in the same sense
				as on the &Microsoft; &Windows; platform, is not entirely applicable
				to a Linux or &UNIX; platform. A "driver" functionality
				is supplied on &UNIX; by different modular components working
				together. At the core of the printer drivers are "filters". Filters convert
				print files from a given input format to another format that is acceptable
				to the target printer. In many cases filters may be connected to a whole
				filter "chain", where only the result of the last conversion is sent to the
				printer. The actual transfer of the print data to the device is performed by
				a "backend".
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-filter">Filter</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ppd">PPDs</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-easysoftwareproducts">
                        <glossterm>Easy Software Products</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Mike Sweet's company, which has contributed a few substantial
				software products towards the Free Software community; amongst
				them the initial version of <ulink 
				url="http://gimp-print.sf.net/">Gimp-Print,</ulink> the <ulink 
				url="http://www.easysw.com/epm/">EPM software packaging</ulink> tool 
				and <ulink url="http://www.easysw.com/htmldoc/">HTMLDOC</ulink>
				(used by the "Linux Documentation Project" to build the PDF versions
				of the HOWTOs) -- but most importantly:  <ulink 
				url="http://www.cups.org/">&CUPS;</ulink> (the 'Common &UNIX; Printing
				System').
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				ESP finance themselves by selling a commercial version
				of &CUPS;, called <ulink url="http://www.easysw.com/">ESP PrintPro,</ulink> 
				that includes some professional enhancements.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-espprintpro">ESP PrintPro</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-esp">ESP</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-gimpprint">Gimp-Print</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
 
                <glossentry id="gloss-encryption">
                        <glossterm>Encryption</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Encryption of confidential data is an all-important issue if
				you transfer it over the Internet or even within intranets.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Printing
				via traditional protocols is not encrypted at all -- it is very easy
				to tap and eavesdrop &eg; into &PostScript; or PCL data transfered
				over the wire.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Therefore, in the design of IPP, provision was made for the easy
				plugin of encryption mechanisms (which can be provided by the same
				means as the encryption standards for HTTP traffic: SSL and TLS).</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-authentication">Authentication</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ipp">IPP</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ssl">SSL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-tls">TLS</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-epson">
                        <glossterm><acronym>Epson</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Epson inkjets are among the best supported models by Free software
				drivers, as the company was not necessarily as secretive about their
				devices and handed technical specification documents to developers.
				The excellent print quality achieved by Gimp-Print on the Stylus
				series of printers can be attributed to this openness.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				They have also
				contracted Easy Software Products to maintain an enhanced version
				of Ghostscript ("ESP GhostScript") for improved support of their
				printer portfolio.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ghostscript">ESP Ghostscript</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-escapesequence">
                        <glossterm>Escape Sequences</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>The first ever printers printed ASCII data only. To
				initiate a new line, or eject a page, they included special
				command sequences, often carrying a leading [ESC]-character.
				&HP; evolved this concept through its series of PCL language
				editions until today, having now developed a full-blown
				Page Description Language (PDL) from these humble beginnings.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pcl">PCL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pdl">PDL</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-escp">
                        <glossterm><acronym>ESC/P</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>E</emphasis>pson
				<emphasis>S</emphasis>tandard <emphasis>C</emphasis>odes for
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rinters. Besides &PostScript; and PCL, Epson's ESC/P
				printer language is one of the best known.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pcl">PCL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-hpgl">hpgl</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-esp">
                        <glossterm><acronym>ESP</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>E</emphasis>asy
				<emphasis>S</emphasis>oftware <emphasis>P</emphasis>roducts;
				the company that developed &CUPS; (the "Common &UNIX; Printing System").
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-easysoftwareproducts">Easy Software Products</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-espprintpro">ESP PrintPro</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-espghostscript">
                        <glossterm><acronym>ESP</acronym> Ghostscript</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>A Ghostscript version that is maintained by Easy Software
				Products. It includes pre-compiled Gimp-Print drivers for
				many inkjets (plus some other goodies). ESP Ghostscript
				will produce photographic quality prints in many cases, especially
				with the Epson Stylus model series. ESP Ghostscript is GPL-software.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-easysoftwareproducts">Easy Software Products</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-espprintpro">ESP PrintPro</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-espprintpro">
                        <glossterm><acronym>ESP</acronym> PrintPro</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para> This professional enhancement to &CUPS; (the "Common &UNIX; 
				Printing System") is sold by the developers 
				of &CUPS; complete with more than 2,300 printer drivers for several commercial
				&UNIX; platforms. <ulink url="http://www.easysw.com/printpro/">ESP PrintPro</ulink>
				is supposed to work "out of the box" with little or no configuration
				for users or admins. ESP also sell support contracts for
				&CUPS; and PrintPro. These sales help to feed the programmers who
				develop the Free version of &CUPS;.
			</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

               <glossentry id="gloss-filter">
                        <glossterm>Filter</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Filters, in general, are programs that take some input
				data, work on it and pass it on as their output data. Filters
				may or may not change the data.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Filters in the context of printing, are programs that convert
				a given file (destined for printing, but not suitable in the
				format it is presently) into a printable format. Sometimes
				whole "filter chains" have to be constructed to achieve the
				goal, piping the output of one filter as the input to the next.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ghostscript">Ghostscript</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-rip">RIP</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-foomatic">
                        <glossterm>Foomatic</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Foomatic started out as the wrapper name for a set of
				different tools available from <ulink
				url="http://www.linuxprinting.org/">Linuxprinting.org</ulink>
				These tools aimed to make the usage of traditional
				Ghostscript and other print filters easier for users and
				extend the filters' capabilities by adding more command line
				switches or explain the driver's execution data.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Foomatic's different incarnations are &CUPS;-O-Matic, PPD-O-Matic,
				PDQ-O-Matic, LPD-O-Matic, PPR-O-Matic, MF-O-Matic and 
				Direct-O-Matic. All of these allow the generation
				of appropriate printer configuration files online, by simply
				selection the suitable model and suggested (or alternate) driver
				for that machine.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				More recently, Foomatic gravitated towards becoming a "meta-spooling"
				system, that allows configuration of the underlying print subsystem
				through a unified set of commands (however, this is much more
				complicated than KDEPrint's &GUI; interface, which performs a similar
				task with regards to different print subsystems). </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups-o-matic">&CUPS;-O-Matic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-PPD-O-Matic">PPD-O-Matic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cupsomatic">cupsomatic</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

               <glossentry id="gloss-ghostscript">
                        <glossterm>Ghostscript</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Ghostscript is a &PostScript; Raster Image Processor (RIP) in software, originally
				developed by L. Peter Deutsch. There is always a <acronym>GPL</acronym> version
				of Ghostscript available for free usage and distribution
				(mostly 1 year old) while
				the current version is commercially sold under another license.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Ghostscript is widely used inside the Linux and &UNIX; world
				for transforming &PostScript; into raster data suitable
				for sending to non-&PostScript; devices.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-rip">RIP</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-gimpprint">
                        <glossterm>Gimp-Print</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Contrary to its name, Gimp-Print is no longer
				just the plugin to be used for printing from the popular
				Gimp program -- its codebase can also serve to be compiled
				into...
				<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				*...a set of PPDs and associated filters that integrate seamlessly
				into &CUPS;, supporting around 130 different printer models, providing
				photographic output quality in many cases;
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				*...a Ghostscript filter that can be used with any other
				program that needs a software-RIP;
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				*...a library that can be used by other software applications
				in need of rasterization functions.


<!--
after 4 hours fiddling, I
could not get those s!@*#?
<itemizedlist> to pass
through the meinproc checks.
For the time being I gave up
on it and handle it differently
now.
				<itemizedlist>
				<listitem>...a set of PPDs and associated filters that integrate seamlessly
				into &CUPS;, supporting around 130 different printer models, providing
				photografic output quality in many cases;</listitem>
				<listitem>...a Ghostscript filter that can be used with any other
				program that needs a software-RIP;</listitem>
				<listitem>...a library that can be used by other software applications
				in need of rasterization functions.</listitem>
				</itemizedlist>
-->
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-lexmark">Lexmark Drivers</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-rip">RIP</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ghostscript">Ghostscript</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-hp">
                        <glossterm><acronym>&HP;</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>H</emphasis>ewlett-<emphasis>Packard</emphasis>;
				one of the first companies to distribute their own Linux printer
				drivers. -- More recently, the Company has released their
				"HPIJS" package of drivers, including source code and a Free license. 
				This is the first printer manufacturer to do so. HPIJS supports most
				current models of HP Ink- and DeskJets.
				</para>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-hpgl">
                        <glossterm><acronym>&HP;/GL</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>&HP;</emphasis>
				<emphasis>G</emphasis>raphical <emphasis>L</emphasis>anguage;
				a &HP; printer language mainly used for plotters; many CAD
				(Computer Aided Design) software programs output &HP;/GL files for
				printing.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-escp">ESC/P</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pcl">PCL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-hpjetdirectprotocol">
                        <glossterm>&HP; JetDirect Protocol</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>A term branded by &HP; to describe their implementation
				of print data transfer to the printer via an otherwise "AppSocket" or
				"Direct TCP/IP Printing" named protocol.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-appsocketprotocol">AppSocket Protocol</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-directtcpipprinting">Direct TCP/IP Printing</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

		<glossentry id="gloss-ietf">
                        <glossterm><acronym>IETF</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>I</emphasis>nternet
				<emphasis>E</emphasis>ngineering <emphasis>T</emphasis>ask
				<emphasis>F</emphasis>orce; an assembly of Internet, software
				and hardware experts that discuss
				new networking technologies and very often arrive at
				conclusions that are regarded by many as standards. "TCP/IP"
				is the most famous example.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				IETF standards, as well as
				drafts, discussions, ideas and useful tutorials, are
				put in writing in the famous series of "RFCs", which
				are available to the public and included in most Linux and
				BSD distributions.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ipp">IPP</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pwg">PWG</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-rfc">RFC</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-ipp">
                        <glossterm><acronym>IPP</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>I</emphasis>nternet
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rinting <emphasis>P</emphasis>rotocol;
				defined in a series of RFCs accepted by the IETF with
				status "proposed standard"; was designed
				by the PWG. -- IPP is a completely new design for network printing,
				but it utilizes a very well-known and proven method for the
				actual data transfer: HTTP 1.1! By not "re-inventing the wheel",
				and basing itself on an existing and robust Internet standard,
				IPP is able to relatively easily bolt other HTTP-compatible standard
				mechanisms into its framework:
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
					* Basic, Digest or Certificate authentication
					mechanisms;
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
					* SSL or TLS for encryption of transferred
					data;
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
					* LDAP for directory services (to publish
					data on printers, device-options, drivers, costs or
					also to the network; or to check for passwords while
					performing authentication).
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

<!--
				</para>
				<itemizedlist>
					<listitem>Basic, Digest or Certificate authentication
					mechanisms</listitem>
					<listitem>SSL or TLS for encryption of transferred
					data</listitem>
					<listitem>LDAP for directory services (to publish
					data on printers, device-options, drivers, costs or
					elso to the network; or to check for passwords while
					conducting authentication)</listitem>
				</itemizedlist>
-->
				</para>

                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pwg">PWG</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ietf">IETF</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-rfc">RFC</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-tls">TLS</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-kdeprint">
                        <glossterm><acronym>KDEPrint</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>The new printing functionality of &kde; since version 2.2
				consists of several modules that translate the features and settings
				of different available print subsystems (&CUPS;, BSD-style LPR/LPD, RLPR...)
				into nice &kde; desktop &GUI; windows and dialogs to ease their
				usage.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Most important for day-to-day usage is "kprinter", the new
				&GUI; print command. -- Note: KDEPrint does <emphasis>not</emphasis> implement its own
				spooling mechanism or its own &PostScript; processing; for this it
				relies on the selected <emphasis>print subsystem</emphasis>
				-- however it does add some functionality of its own on top of this
				foundation...
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-bsdstyleprinting">BSD-style printing</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kprinter">kprinter</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kdeprinthandbook">KDEPrint Handbook</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-kdeprinthandbook">
                        <glossterm><acronym>KDEPrint Handbook...</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>...is the name of the reference document that describes KDEPrint
				functions to users and administrators. You can load it into Konqueror by
				typing "help:/kdeprint" into the address field. The <ulink
				url="http://printing.kde.org/">KDEPrint website</ulink>
				is the resource for updates to this documentation, as well as PDF
				versions suitable for printing it. It is authored and maintained by Kurt 
				Pfeifle.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cupsfaq">&CUPS;-FAQ</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-kprinter">
                        <glossterm>kprinter</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para><emphasis>kprinter</emphasis> is the new powerful
				print utility that is natively used by all &kde; applications.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Contrary to some common misconceptions,
				<emphasis>kprinter</emphasis> is <emphasis>not</emphasis> a &CUPS;-only tool,
				but supports different print subsystems. You can even switch
				to a different print subsystem "on the fly", in between two jobs,
				without re-configuration. Of course, due to the powerful
				features of &CUPS;, <emphasis>kprinter</emphasis> is
				best suited for use with a &CUPS; frontend.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				<emphasis>kprinter</emphasis> is the successor
				to "qtcups", which is no longer being actively maintained. It has
				inherited all the best features of qtcups and added several new ones.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				MOST IMPORTANT: you can use <emphasis>kprinter</emphasis>
				with all its features in all non-&kde; applications that allow
				a customized print command, like gv, Acrobat Reader, Netscape,
				Mozilla, Galeon, StarOffice, OpenOffice and all GNOME programs.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				<emphasis>kprinter</emphasis> can act as a "standalone"
				utility, started from an X-Terminal or a "Mini-CLI" to
				print many different files, from different folders, with different 
				formats, in one job and simultaneously, without the need to first open the
				files in the applications! (File formats supported this way are &PostScript;,
				PDF, International and ASCII Text, as well as many different popular graphic
				formats, such as PNG, TIFF, JPEG, PNM, Sun RASTER, &etc;)
				 </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-qtcups">QtCUPS</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-lexmark">
                        <glossterm><acronym>Lexmark</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>was one of the first companies to distribute their own Linux printer
				drivers for some of their models. However, those drivers are binary only
				(no source code available), and therefore cannot be used to integrate into
				other Free printing software projects.  
				 </para>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-linuxprintingorg">
                        <glossterm>Linuxprinting.org</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Linuxprinting.org = not just for Linux; all &UNIX;-like OS-es,
				like *BSD and commercial Unices may find useful printing
				information on this site. This web site is the home for the interesting 
				Foomatic project, that strives to develop the "Meta Print Spool and Driver
  				Configuration Toolset" (being able to configure, through one common
				interface, different print subsystems and their required drivers) with the
				ability to transfer all queues, printers and configuration files seamlessly
				to another spooler without new configuration effort. -- Also, they maintain
				the Printing Database; a collection of driver and device information that
				enables everybody to find the most current information about printer models,
				and also generate online the configuration files for any
				spooler/driver/device combo known to work with one of the common Linux or
				&UNIX; print subsystems.	
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-linuxprintingdatabase">Linuxprinting database</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-linuxprintingdatabase">
                        <glossterm><acronym>Linuxprinting.org Database</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>....Database containing printers and drivers that are suitable
				for them... ...a lot of information and documentation to be found... ...it 
				is now also providing some tools and utilities for easing the integration 
				of those drivers into a given system... ...the "Foomatic" family 
				of utilities; being the toolset to make use of the database 
				for most of the commonly used print subsystems, for generating "on the fly" 
				working configurations for your printer model.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-foomatic">Foomatic</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-lprlpd">
                        <glossterm><acronym>LPR/LPD</acronym> printing</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>LPR == some people translate <emphasis>L</emphasis>ine
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rinting <emphasis>R</emphasis>equest, others:
				<emphasis>L</emphasis>ine <emphasis>P</emphasis>rinter
				<emphasis>R</emphasis>emote.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-bsdstyleprinting">BSD-style printing</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-magicfilter">
                        <glossterm>Magicfilter</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Similarly to the APSfilter program, Magicfilter
				provides automatic file type recognition functions and, base
				on that, automatic file conversion to a printable format,
				depending on the target printer.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-apsfilter">APSfilter</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-mimetypes">
                        <glossterm>&MIME;-Types</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>M</emphasis>ultipurpose (or
				Multimedia) <emphasis>I</emphasis>nternet <emphasis>M</emphasis>ail
				<emphasis>E</emphasis>xtensions; &MIME;-Types were first used to allow
				the transport of binary data (like mail attachments containing
				graphics) over mail connections that were normally only transmitting
				ASCII characters: the data had to be encoded into an ASCII representation.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				Later this concept was extended to describe a data format in
				a platform independent, but at the same time non-ambiguous, way.
				From &Windows; everybody knows the .doc extensions for &Microsoft; Word files.
				This is handled ambiguously on the &Windows; platform: .doc extensions are also
				used for simple text files or for Adobe Framemaker files. And if a real
				Word file is renamed with a different extension, it can no longer be
				opened by the program.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				&MIME; typed files carry a recognition string with them, describing
				their file format based on <emphasis>main_category/sub_category</emphasis>.
				Inside IPP, print files are also described using the &MIME; type scheme.
				&MIME; types are registered with the IANA (Internet Assigning Numbers
				<emphasis>Association</emphasis>) to keep them unambiguous.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				&CUPS; has some &MIME; types of its own registered, like
				<emphasis>application/vnd.cups-raster</emphasis> (for the &CUPS;-internal
				raster image format).

				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-easysoftwareproducts">Easy Software Products</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-espprintpro">ESP PrintPro</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-gimpprint">Gimp-Print</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-pcl">
                        <glossterm><acronym>PCL</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>P</emphasis>rinter
				<emphasis>C</emphasis>ontrol <emphasis>L</emphasis>anguage;
				developed by &HP;. PCL started off in version 1 as a simple
				command set for ASCII printing; now,
				in its versions PCL6 and PCL-X, it is capable of printing graphics
				and color -- but outside the &Microsoft; &Windows; realm and &HP-UX; 
				(&HP;'s own brand of &UNIX;), it is not commonly used...</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-escp">ESC/P</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-hpgl">&HP;/GL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pdl">PDL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-pdl">
                        <glossterm><acronym>PDL</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>P</emphasis>age
				<emphasis>D</emphasis>escription <emphasis>L</emphasis>anguage;
				PDLs describe, in an abstract way, the graphical representation
				of a page. - Before it is actually transferred into
				toner or ink laid down on to paper, a PDL needs to be
				"interpreted" first. In &UNIX;, the most important PDL
				is &PostScript;.
				</para>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-escp">ESC/P</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-hpgl">&HP;/GL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pcl">PCL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-pixel">
                        <glossterm>Pixel</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>Pic</emphasis>ture
				<emphasis>El</emphasis>ement; this term describes the smallest
				part of a raster picture (either as printed on paper
				or as displayed on a monitor by cathode rays or LCD elements). As
				any graphical or image representation on those types of output
				devices is composed of pixels, the values of "ppi" (pixel per inch)
				and &dpi; (dots per inch) are one important parameter for the
				overall quality and resolution of an image.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-filter">Filter</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ghostscript">Ghostscript</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-raster">Raster</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-pjl">
                        <glossterm><acronym>PJL</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>P</emphasis>rint
				<emphasis>J</emphasis>ob <emphasis>L</emphasis>anguage;
				developed by &HP; to control and influence default and per-job
				settings of a printer. It may not only be used
				for &HP;'s own (PCL-)printers; also many &PostScript;
				and other printers understand PJL commands sent to them
				inside a print job, or in a separate signal.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pcl">PCL</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-postscript">
                        <glossterm>&PostScript;</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>&PostScript; (often shortened to "PS") is the de-facto
				standard in the &UNIX; world for printing files. It was
				developed by Adobe and licensed to printer manufacturers 
				and software companies.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->
				As the &PostScript; specifications were
				published by Adobe, there are also "Third Party" implementations
				of &PostScript; generating and &PostScript; interpreting software
				available (one of the best-known in the Free software world
				being Ghostscript, a powerful PS-interpreter).
                                </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-escp">ESC/P</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-hpgl">&HP;/GL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pcl">PCL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ppd">PPD</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-ppd">
                        <glossterm><acronym>PPD</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>P</emphasis>ostScript
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rinter <emphasis>D</emphasis>escription;
				PPDs are ASCII files storing all information about the special
				capabilities of a printer, plus definitions of the (PostScript-
				or PJL-) commands to call on a certain capability (like print
				duplexing).
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				As the explanation of the acronym reveals, PPDs were originally
				only used for &PostScript; printers. &CUPS; has extended the
				PPD concept to all types of printers.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				PPDs for &PostScript; printers are provided by the printer
				vendors. They can be used with &CUPS; and KDEPrint to have access
				to the full features of any &PostScript; printer. The KDEPrint Team
				recommends using a PPD originally intended for use with
				&Microsoft; Windows NT.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				PPDs for non-PostScript printers <emphasis>need</emphasis> a
				companion "filter" to process the &PostScript; print files into
				a format digestible for the non-PostScript target device. Those
				PPD/filter combos are not (yet) available from the vendors. After
				the initiative by the &CUPS; developers to utilize PPDs, the Free
				Software community was creative enough to quickly come up with
				support for most of the currently used printer models, through
				PPDs and classical Ghostscript filters. But note: the printout
				quality varies from "hi-quality photographic output" (using
				Gimp-Print with most Epson inkjets) to "hardly readable" (using
				Foomatic-enabled Ghostscript filters for models rated as
				"paperweight" in the Linuxprinting.org database).
                                </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups">&CUPS;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-linuxprintingorg">Linuxprinting.org</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-PPD-O-Matic">
                        <glossterm>PPD-O-Matic</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>PPD-O-Matic is a set of Perl scripts that run on the Linuxprinting.org
				web server and can be used online to generate PPDs for any printer that is known
				to print with Ghostscript.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				These PPDs can be hooked up to &CUPS;/KDEPrint, as well as
				used inside PPD-aware applications like StarOffice to determine all different 
				parameters of your printjobs. It is now recommended, in most cases, to 
				use "PPD-O-Matic" instead of the older &CUPS;-O-Matic.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				To generate a PPD, go to the <ulink
				url="http://www.linuxprinting.org/printer_list.cgi">printer 
				database</ulink>, select your printer model, follow
				the link to show the available Ghostscript filters for that printer, select
				one, click "generate" and finally save the file to your local system.
				Be sure to read the instructions. Make sure that your local system
				does indeed have Ghostscript and the filter, which you chose
				before generating the PPD, installed.
				</para>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-cups-o-matic">&CUPS;-O-Matic</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-linuxprintingorg">Linuxprinting.org</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-foomatic">Foomatic</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-printcap">
                        <glossterm>printcap</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>In BSD-style print systems, the "printcap" file holds
				the configuration information; the printing daemon reads this file
				to determine which printers are available, what filters are to be
				user for each, where the spooling folder is located,
				if there are banner pages to be used, and so on...
				Some applications also depend on read access to the printcap 
				file, to obtain the names of available printers. </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-bsdstyleprinting">BSD-style printing</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
  

                <glossentry id="gloss-printermib">
                        <glossterm>Printer-<acronym>MIB</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for
				<emphasis>Printer</emphasis>-<emphasis>M</emphasis>anagement
				<emphasis>I</emphasis>nformation <emphasis>B</emphasis>ase; the
				Printer-MIB defines a set of parameters that are to be
				stored inside the printer for access
				through the network. This is useful if many (in some cases, literally 
				thousands) network printers are managed centrally
				with the help of SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol).</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pwg">PWG</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-snmp">SNMP</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
  
                <glossentry id="gloss-pwg">
                        <glossterm><acronym>PWG</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rinter <emphasis>W</emphasis>orking
				<emphasis>G</emphasis>roup; the PWG is a loose grouping of
				representatives of the printer industry that has, in the past
				years, developed different standards
				in relation to network printing. These were later accepted by the
				IETF as RFC standards, like the "Printer-MIB" and the IPP.</para>
				<glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ipp">IPP</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-printermib">Printer-MIB</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-snmp">SNMP</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-printkioslave">
                        <glossterm>print:/ KIO Slave</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>You can use a syntax of "print:/..." to get quick access
				to KDEPrint resources. Typing "print:/manager" as a Konqueror URL
				address gives administrative access to KDEPrint. Konqueror uses &kde;'s
				famous "KParts" technology to achieve that. </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ioslave">IO Slave</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kparts">KParts</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-printerdatabase">
                        <glossterm>Printer Database</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-linuxprintingdatabase">Linuxprinting Database</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-qtcups">
                        <glossterm><acronym>Qt&CUPS;</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Qt&CUPS; and KUPS were the predecessors of KDEPrint; they are now 
				deprecated and no longer maintained. What was good in qtcups is all inherited
				by "kprinter", the new KDE print dialog (which is much improved over qtcups);
				what you liked about kups is now all in the KDEPrint Manager (accessible 
				via the KDE Control Center or via the URL "print:/manager" from Konqueror) --
				with more functionality and less bugs... Its former developer, Michael Goffioul, is now
				the developer of KDEPrint -- a very nice and productive guy and quick bug fixer...
				 </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kprinter">kprinter</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-raster">
                        <glossterm>Raster Image</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Every picture on a physical medium
				is composed of a pattern of discrete dots in different colors and (maybe)
				sizes. This is called a "raster image".
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				This is as opposed to a "vector image"
				where the graphic is described in terms of continuous curves, shades,
				forms and filled areas, represented by mathematical formula. Vector images
				normally have a smaller file size and may be scaled in size 
				without any loss of information and quality --- but they cannot be
				output directly, but always have to be "rendered" or "rasterized"
				first to the given resolution that the output device is capable of...
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->


				The rasterization is done by a Raster Image Processor (RIP,
				often the Ghostscript software) or some other filtering
				instance.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pixel">Pixel</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ghostscript">Ghostscript</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-filter">Filter</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-rip">RIP</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-rip">
                        <glossterm><acronym>RIP</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for
				<emphasis>R</emphasis>aster <emphasis>I</emphasis>mage
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rocess(or); if used in the context of
				printing, "RIP" means a hardware or software
				instance that converts &PostScript; (or other print formats
				that are represented in one of the non-Raster PDLs) into a
				raster image format in such a way that it is acceptable
				for the "marking engine" of the printer.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				&PostScript; printers
				contain their own PostScript-RIPs. A RIP may or may not be located 
				inside a printer.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				For many &UNIX; systems, Ghostscript is the package that provides
				a "RIP in software", running on the host computer, and pre-digesting
				the &PostScript; or other data to become ready to be sent to the
				printing device (hence you may perceive a "grain of truth" in the
				slogan "Ghostscript turns your printer into a &PostScript;
				machine", which of course is not correct in the true sense of the
				meaning).</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-filter">Filter</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ghostscript">Ghostscript</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-postscript">&PostScript;</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pdl">PDL</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-raster">Raster</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


                <glossentry id="gloss-rlpr">
                        <glossterm><acronym>RLPR</acronym> (Remote LPR)</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>R</emphasis>emote
				<emphasis>L</emphasis>ine <emphasis>P</emphasis>rinting
				<emphasis>R</emphasis>equest; this is a BSD-style printing system,
				that needs no root privileges to be installed, and no "printcap" to
				work: all parameters may be specified on the command
				line.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				RLPR comes in handy for many laptop users who are
				working in frequently changing environments. This is because it
				may be installed concurrently with every other printing
				sub system, and allows a very flexible and quick
				way to install a printer for direct access via LPR/LPD.
<!--
				</para>
				<para>
-->

				KDEPrint
				has an "Add Printer Wizard" to make RLPR usage even easier.
				The kprinter command allows switching to RLPR "on
				the fly" at any time.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kdeprint">KDEPrint</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-kprinter">kprinter</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-printcap">printcap</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

 
                <glossentry id="gloss-snmp">
                        <glossterm><acronym>SNMP</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>S</emphasis>imple
				<emphasis>N</emphasis>etwork <emphasis>M</emphasis>anagement
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rotocol; SNMP is widely used to control
				all types of network node (Hosts, Routers, Switches, Gateways,
				Printers...) remotely.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-pwg">PWG</glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-printermib">Printer-MIB</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

	        <glossentry id="gloss-ssl">
                        <glossterm><acronym>SSL(3)</acronym> encryption</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>S</emphasis>ecure
				<emphasis>S</emphasis>ocket <emphasis>L</emphasis>ayer;
				<acronym>SSL</acronym> is a proprietary encryption method for data
				transfer over HTTP that was developed by Netscape. It is now being 
				replaced by an IETF standard named TLS.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-tls"><acronym>TLS</acronym></glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


	        <glossentry id="gloss-spooling">
                        <glossterm><acronym>SPOOL</acronym>ing</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>S</emphasis>ynchronous
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>eripheral <emphasis>O</emphasis>perations
				<emphasis>O</emphasis>n<emphasis>L</emphasis>ine;
				<acronym>SPOOL</acronym>ing enables printing applications
				(and users) to continue their work
                                as the job is being taken care of by a system <acronym>daemon</acronym>,
				which stores the file at a temporary location until the printer is ready
				to print. </para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-daemon"><acronym>Daemon</acronym></glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


	        <glossentry id="gloss-tls">
                        <glossterm><acronym>TLS</acronym> encryption</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>T</emphasis>ransport
				<emphasis>L</emphasis>ayer <emphasis>S</emphasis>ecurity;
				<acronym>TLS</acronym> is an encryption standard for
				data transfered over HTTP 1.1; it is defined in RFC 2246;
				although based on the former SSL development
				(from Netscape) it is not fully compatible with it.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ssl"><acronym>SSL(3)</acronym></glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>


	        <glossentry id="gloss-systemVstyleprinting">
                        <glossterm>System V-style printing</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>This is the second flavor of traditional &UNIX;
				printing (as opposed to BSD-style printing). It uses
				a different command set (lp, lpadmin,...) to BSD,
				but is not fundamentally different from it. However, the 
				gap between the two is big enough to make the two
				incompatible, so that a BSD-client cannot simply print
				to a System V style print server without additional
				tweaking... IPP is supposed to resolve this weakness
				and more.
				</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-bsdstyleprinting"><acronym>BSD-style printing</acronym></glossseealso>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-ipp"><acronym>IPP</acronym></glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-turboprint">
                        <glossterm>TurboPrint</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Shareware software providing photo quality printing for many
				inkjet printers. It is useful if you are unable to find a driver for your
				printer and may be hooked into either a traditional Ghostscript system
				or a modern &CUPS; system.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-gimpprint">Gimp-Print</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-xpp">
                        <glossterm><acronym>XPP</acronym></glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>Abbreviation for <emphasis>X</emphasis>
				<emphasis>P</emphasis>rinting <emphasis>P</emphasis>anel;
				<acronym>XPP</acronym> was the first Free
				graphical print command for &CUPS;, written by Till Kamppeter,
				and in some ways a model for the "kprinter" utility in &kde;.</para>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
<!--
                <glossentry id="gloss-1">
                        <glossterm>xxxx</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-1">xyz</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-3">
                        <glossterm>xxxx</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-1">xyz</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>

                <glossentry id="gloss-4">
                        <glossterm>xxxx</glossterm>
                        <glossdef><para>.</para>
                                <glossseealso otherterm="gloss-1">xyz</glossseealso>
                        </glossdef>
                </glossentry>
-->
	</glossdiv>


<!--
</glossary>
-->
