<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>
<article id="onlinehelp" lang="&language;">
<title>Online Help</title>
<articleinfo>

<date>2018-04-01</date>
<releaseinfo>Applications 18.04</releaseinfo>

</articleinfo>

<para>On this page, you can find different ways to find online
help and additional information provided by the &kde; community.</para>

<variablelist>
<title>&kde; UserBase</title>
<varlistentry><term>
<ulink url="https://userbase.kde.org/Special:myLanguage/An_introduction_to_KDE">An 
Introduction to &kde;</ulink>&nbsp;</term>
<listitem>
<para>Learn more about the <ulink url="https://kde.org/community/whatiskde/">
&kde; community and its software</ulink> and find information to help you get 
started. Also, discover what <ulink url="https://userbase.kde.org/Special:myLanguage/Welcome_to_KDE_UserBase">
UserBase</ulink> is and how it can help you.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term>
<ulink url="https://userbase.kde.org/Special:myLanguage/Getting_Help">Getting Help</ulink>&nbsp;</term>
<listitem>
<para>Need some help? Here are some suggested places where you can get help 
with  problems, as well some hints on how to improve the quality of answers you receive.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term>
<ulink url="https://userbase.kde.org/Special:myLanguage/Applications">Applications</ulink>&nbsp;</term>
<listitem>
<para>Discover the wide variety of applications from the &kde; Community, 
and find out what program suits your needs and preferences.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry><term>
<ulink url="https://userbase.kde.org/Special:myLanguage/Tutorials">Tutorials</ulink>&nbsp;</term>
<listitem>
<para>How-To's, Tips &amp; Tricks that can help make your &kde; software 
experience more enjoyable and productive.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

</variablelist>

<variablelist>
<title>&kde; Forum</title>
<varlistentry><term>
<ulink url="https://forum.kde.org/">&kde; Community Forums</ulink>&nbsp;</term>
<listitem>
<para>The &kde; Forums offer users, developers and people interested in &kde; 
a place to help each other, discuss &kde;-related topics and exchange ideas.
You can find <ulink url="https://forum.kde.org/viewforum.php?f=14/">Tutorials &amp; 
Tips</ulink> in the forum.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

<variablelist>
<title>&kde; Techbase</title>
<varlistentry><term>
<ulink url="https://techbase.kde.org/">&kde; Techbase</ulink>&nbsp;</term>
<listitem>
<para>Information for developers and help to set up a &kde; development environment.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

<variablelist>
<title>&kde; Documentation</title>
<varlistentry><term>
<ulink url="https://docs.kde.org/">&kde; Documentation site</ulink>&nbsp;</term>
<listitem>
<para>This page holds the complete &kde; User Documentation in over 25 languages
for the released and the development version of &kde-frameworks;, &plasma-workspaces;
and &applications;.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</article>
